fix11 alina (#16)
tinalonsdorf/30_3_2021_workshop_reproduc_writing: games2.Rmd

> title: An exploration of computer facilitated free time activities over the last decade

Reviewer: Title should be different

> title: An exploration of computer facilitated free time activities over the last decade

Reviewer: Sieht gut aus
```suggestion
title: An exploration of computer facilitated free time activities over the last two decades
```

> author: "UKE Hamburg Workshop on Reproducibility"

Reviewer: Add Alina K. as authot

> date: "2026-03-29"

Reviewer: Date is in future

#bibliography: citations.bib

> output: html_document

Reviewer: Knit as PDF instead
